# organiza_ai

A note taking, to do and appointments organizer app.

(Almost done...)  

## Project Structure

lib folder contains the code for the app, the plataforms folders are auto-generated by flutter.  
/lib/api/*- gRPC code for connect and send request to the server. Proto files and the gRPC auto-generated files are contained in this folder.  
/lib/controllers/* - Riverpod controllers for the application.  
/lib/model/*- Contains the class data models for the application data.  
/lib/views/widgets/* - Contains reusable widgets, this is used for creating responsiviness in the UI.  
/lib/views/- Contains the views, "Widgets" made by the resuable widgets in the /lib/views/widgets/*.  

## Using the Project  

2 Steps:

- Deploy the server  
- Use the Windows, APK or Web to connect to the DB and use normally  

### For deploying this Application do these steps  

Clone this repo  

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Davipcrs/organiza_ai_server.git  
```

Change the directory and give permissions  

```bash
cd organiza_ai_server  
sudo chmod +x ./install.sh  
```

**CAUTION!**

The server IP needs to be changed in the docker-compose.yaml before running the ./install.sh  

```bash
./install.sh  
```

Open ports for the server to Work!  

```bash
# in ubuntu:
sudo ufw allow 80, 443, 50051, 50052

# in RHEL based linux (Firewalld):
sudo firewall-cmd --permanent --add-port={80/tcp,443/tcp,50051/tcp,50052/tcp}
sudo firewall-cmd --reload

# You can override the ports on the docker compose and then override here.
# If your linux distro do not use these firewalls service look into how open that ports.
```

### Using the App

## (Bugs that i was trying to resolve)  

For deploying this application in Web is necessary:  
    - disable the system firewall as flutter tends to connect to random ports for the gRPC.  
    - need to point a DNS name "organiza_ai.com" to the server IP.  
